[MRG] MNT use check_scalar to validate scalar in SpectralClustering (#21881)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

  is faster on many datasets, and its results are identical, hence the change.
  :pr:`21735` by :user:`Aurélien Geron <ageron>`.

> - |Enhancement| :class:`cluster.SpectralClustering` now raise consistent
>   error message when passed invalid values for `n_clusters`, `n_init`,
>   `gamma`, `n_neighbors`, `eigen_tol` and `degree`.
>   :pr:`21881` by :user:`Hugo Vassard <hvassard>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- |Enhancement| :class:`cluster.SpectralClustering` now raises consistent
  error messages when passed invalid values for `n_clusters`, `n_init`,
  `gamma`, `n_neighbors`, `eigen_tol` or `degree`.
  :pr:`21881` by :user:`Hugo Vassard <hvassard>`.
```
